Implement #132 - Verify no overlapping trips in block (#346)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: RULES.md

A trip must visit more than one stop in `stop_times.txt` to be usable by passengers for boarding and alighting.

<a name="E054"/>

### E054 - Block trips must not have overlapping stop times

> Stop times should not be overlapping in Block trips. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trip stop times should not overlap when they are part of the same block operating on the same day.
```

> 

Reviewer: I would add a reference here too to trips.txt
